Coyote is being held by
a Russian mercenary group
called Valhalla.
This op is our last best shot.
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Martian] Where is she?
What do you want?
In Addis. you recruited people.
I want the list.
Forty-eight hours. lover boy.
[Blake] This could
be a disaster.
He shows all the
symptoms. PTSD triggers...
And the risks?
[Blake] Loss of perspective.
- lapses in concentration...
- I wish we had had
this conversation earlier.
because I signed off
on Martian heading back
into the field to
recruit a Valhalla asset.
[Martian] We flipped one
of Volchok's closest aides.
He directs Volchok
into a kill zone.
Mercenaries holding Coyote
will arrive at Felix.
We spring the trap. get our boy.
[phone vibrates]
[phone dings]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[phone rings]
[Martian] Yeah?
Where are you?
On my way in.
We have a situation.
What?
This line isn't secure.
No names. places.
Shoot.
Blue team in place.
Reporting greater
numbers than expected.
- Shit.
- Way more.
- We should abort.
- No.
Martian.
- This needs a rethink.
- Fuck that.
Okay. listen. You listening?
Yes.
Move the kill zone 300
meters up the road.
Blue team snatches our boy
and the bogies'll
run the other way.
Their job is to
protect the ball.
They hear contact. they'll
run him to the chopper.
Meanwhile our HRT
secures the package.
This whole thing'll look
like a failed kidnap
by Ukrainian insurgents
on a high value...
[shouts echoing]
[Owen] Martian?
Are you there?
Martian?
Martian!
[indistinct radio chatter]
[indistinct chatter]
[echoing] Sir. can you hear me?
Sir?
♪
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ pensive music ♪
♪
[elevator chimes]
- Morning.
What's the buzz from Gremlin?
Oh. nothing. Yet.
She hates it. by the way.
What. her code name?
I don't blame her.
- Gremlin?
- Hmm.
Shouldn't she have
landed by now?
What do you want me to
say? I didn't sleep a wink.
Feel like a...
Like a what?
A bad parent.
Who sent their kid to Iran
to infiltrate its
nuclear program?
You're right. That's
poor parenting.
[Owen] NORAD gave us access.
Full house.
Zeus satellites overhead.
- That's the good news.
- [Blair] What's that?
That's Felix.
Image is good.
Good?
It's fucking incredible.
Lens is a yard wide.
with focal strength
between 3.000 to
4.000 millimeters.
It can see any object
larger than three inches...
- a knife. a gun.
- But not your dick.
Who told you that?
Besides it's about
how you use it.
- [Blair chuckles]
- It's what I heard.
Go for a drink with me.
Are we doing this now?
On. like. the busiest.
most stressful day ever?
It's always busy.
If I wait for a slow day.
you're gonna be married
with three kids.
If this is a thing. it
would've happened by now.
- [chuckles]
- We aren't dateable.
Why do you say that?
Maybe. like. at
a Christmas party
or in a random supply closet.
I'm all out of Post-It notes.
Show Martian this. get
it up in the crisis room.
That's the bad news.
SAC showed up with all
this and kicked us out.
- They run the show from now on.
- [sighs]
♪ intriguing music ♪
♪
[Naomi clears her throat]
- How are you taking the news?
- What news?
Samia. You read the report?
What report?
Naomi. what report?
[clears throat] I
didn't tell you this.
Henry received a report
from the Horn of Africa.
CTTF.
When?
I don't know.
The NSC tracked Dalaga's
private jet to Khartoum.
Then a cell phone cluster
by road to Kober Prison.
Kober?
Yeah. the place
RSF busted everyone
out of and restocked with
Janjaweed political prisoners.
That place is a hellhole.
University isn't
worried. Nor her family.
I don't know what that means.
but that's what I know.
♪ Ominous music ♪
♪
I'm sorry.
[woman] So. this was...
[continuing indistinctly]
♪
SAC. Hurry up.
- I heard.
- Yeah. You know the drill.
Soon as there's
boots on the ground.
SAC sweeps in and it's
"Two sugars. please."
I can't get you in.
- That's not why I'm here.
- Good.
- Then go away.
- It's Samia Zahir.
Thirty seconds.
She was unlawfully
arrested by the RSF
and is being held in a
black site in Khartoum.
- Omdurman?
- Worse. Kober.
[sharp exhale]
Sorry to hear that.
You know how this plays.
She'll be raped. tortured.
In two days. her
body'll be found
by the side of
the Atari highway.
Come here.
All right. what do you
want me to say. Martian?
This whole region
is in free fall.
Like. super fast-forward.
One clumsy move.
we lose our advantage.
I can send her file
- over to State.
- She'll be dead
- by the time they read it.
- Well. we can do
the diplomatic route.
Find an intermediary.
speaks on her behalf.
someone at State
pushes for her release.
And when General
Hemedti says no?
She's not even a pawn. Martian.
I'm sorry.
You need Owen in there.
He's the only one who
can identify Coyote.
♪ Tense music ♪
♪
[indistinct conversations]
Your Courvoisier neat. sir.
Would you care for a cigar?
Cuban. Nicaraguan. Honduran?
I don't smoke.
Lucky for you.
The cigars here are. eh.
too dry.
Is like putting a dried
turd in your mouth
and setting fire to it.
It's why I bring my own.
Mr. Dalaga. thank
you for coming.
Someone called. uh. Paul Lewis
left a message
with my secretary.
Which is. uh. strange.
because as we both know.
Paul Lewis. uh. does not exist.
Shouldn't you be in Cairo?
Your cousin flew to Cairo
yesterday to continue talks.
but you're still
here. What happened?
Out in the cold?
You have 60 seconds.
I want news on Samia Zahir.
I have none.
If you did. could you help her?
Then who could?
Is this seriously
why you drag me here?
We want to make an offer.
My people will not deal
with the Americans.
I'm here on behalf
of the British.
a safe intermediary.
Can you prove that?
Ask for confirmation.
You'll get it.
What else will I... get?
Asylum.
British passports for you.
your wife. four children.
A registered limited company
to invest your money in.
in four years. a shot at a seat
in the House of Lords.
Will you throw in
tea with the king?
I need one thing in return.
Dr. Zahir's life and freedom.
That's two things.
Sami wasn't even on the radar.
I persuaded my office
to recruit her.
It was an attempt to save her.
That's touching.
Do we have a deal?
[Dalaga] I will. uh.
make some inquiries.
open a conversation.
See if there is. uh.
solutions that. uh.
benefits us both.
[Robinshaw] Got to
admire his balls.
making offers on our behalf.
That's not balls.
that's desperation.
And if you think he's talking
to Dalaga there. you're fired.
He's talking to us.
Now we know what he wants.
How ambitious are
you. Robinshaw?
Is this on the square?
Are we talking a
rogue operation?
Well. only until
I run the place.
Then I make the rules.
The question is
who's coming with me.
I want China desk.
[laughs] Little shit.
You're nowhere
near senior enough.
Fine.
Internal Security's on
the fourth floor. right?
Done.
[laughs]
Come on. then. you
want to run a show.
What's our move?
Well. we know what he wants.
Set up a meet.
somewhere discreet.
and find out what he's
prepared to do to get it.
Hm.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Pruitt] Ops are tracking an
inbound column of six vehicles.
one Tigr infantry
4x4. two BTR-70s.
one Ural truck and
a pair of quads.
Four hours from the clinic.
[Martian] Have you
ID'd the vehicles?
Are they Valhalla's?
No pos IDs. not as yet.
You guys have to
let one of my people
into that crisis
room. Owen Lublin.
He's the one guy who knows
the whole chessboard.
I'm afraid SAC has orders
to take full command.
I'm not asking for
him to command.
I'm recommending
he's in the room.
[line rings]
I'll call you back.
- Hello?
- [Robinshaw] I'm following up
on your meeting at the Ritz.
The cigar lounge?
Our office has a
30-minute window.
Today. 1:00 p.m.
That's in 20 minutes.
If it's inconvenient.
we can reschedule.
Perhaps next week?
No. no. no. no. 1:00
p.m. is fine. Where?
[indistinct chatter]
Fucking fuck.
She'll come up for air.
- She has to.
- No. she doesn't.
Not if she's drowned.
Danny's a beast. Naomi.
She'll be fine.
[computer chimes]
[whispering] Fuck me.
[door opens]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
Why are you keeping me here?
It's been hours.
Where did you buy this?
London.
Regent Street. the Apple Store.
Have you had it repaired?
No.
I...
Uh c... I'm really thirsty.
Can I please have some water?
The screws are scratched.
Who took it apart?
No one.
Did you do it?
I wouldn't know how to.
Unless you aren't
who you say you are.
So. you still watch
the old haunts?
Oh. come on. My mum knows we bug
the cigar lounge at the Ritz.
More Arabs and Chinese
roll through there
than Harrods Food
Hall. [chuckles]
I can deliver you Dalaga.
He's yours to run.
In return for?
You know what I want.
- Samia Zahir back here. safe.
- [scoffs]
Let me get this straight.
You're offering up a vain.
pissed. drug-addled
borderline imbecile.
a man who's family
don't trust him.
and who's only here
to stink up a scene
and throw everyone
off the scent.
If Dalaga doesn't cut
it then what does?
You know. my son Charlie used
to work at the Royal Parks
in his gap year. He
was the deck chair guy.
Do you know. you can
rent a deck chair
for the whole summer? They
give you a laminated pass.
Wouldn't that be bliss?
Just come out here every day
with a book and snooze.
Packed lunch. thermos.
Sounds amazing.
What do you want?
There is one asset we've
identified who you control
who would be of
genuine interest.
Who?
You're asking me
to become a double?
Oh. I'm not asking
you for anything.
You are.
You want me to
betray my country.
We know where she is.
which wing. cell.
We have an SAS unit
with eyes on the prison.
primed. ready to go.
You just give the word
and she's out of there
before you can get
back across the river.
It's a yes or no.
Come on. buddy. The
clock's ticking. Yes or no?
♪ Sinister music ♪
♪
I'm willing to
discuss this further.
- Yes or no?
- Listen!
Tomorrow morning.
Raffles. crisp linen.
breakfast for two.
"Do not disturb."
Listen.
Yes or no.
Yes.
Hi. is that Lord Lucan?
Yeah. I'd like 50 quid
each way on Shergar
in the 3:40. Oh.
and is Elvis there?
[laughing] I've got someone
here who wants to say hi.
I'm sorry. mate.
I couldn't resist.
Your face.
You bastard.
Oh. but that woman. I mean.
she's really... and
I mean really...
fucked you up. hasn't she?
As you were. Still.
good to know.
For future reference
and all that.
Very. very interesting.
You piece of shit.
You know. that's the third time
I've been called that this week.
[engine starts]
[car door closes]
Our asset. an Iran
Air flight attendant.
gave an eyewitness account.
A woman matching
Gremlin's description
was marched out of the
terminal by two armed IRG
and put into the
back of a black van.
It's theater. designed
to force a mistake.
Are we sure? She was arrested.
Yes. she was. but not
because she's blown.
If she's blown. they don't march
her out with guys in uniform
to a black van with
everyone watching.
Plainclothes IRG quietly
take her off the plane
to a room in a
basement somewhere
and we never see her again.
And if they move
her after that...
Mm. it's out a back
door in a sack.
That's exactly right.
It's a test.
Let's hope she aces it.
- [sighs]
- What do we got?
♪ Haunting music ♪
[phone clicking]
♪
Do you know what this is?
No.
This leaf...
you don't recognize it?
[inhales slowly]
I'm a researcher.
Part of an exchange
program between
the University College
of Tehran and the London
School of Sciences.
My visa was countersigned
- by Professor Reza Mortazev...
- Here is the deal.
You tell me why
- you're really in Iran...
- I told you: to res...
[indistinct chatter]
Grab your shit.
[footsteps approaching]
Martian is your point of
contact outside this room.
You'll brief us.
we'll channel analysis
- back through him.
- Right.
You're listening carefully?
Good.
Coyote. Back here.
In one piece.
Okay.
[quiet radio chatter]
This is Owen.
Coyote's field handler.
He calls Coyote's positive ID.
All right.
Good luck.
♪ Percussive music ♪
♪
[motorcycle starts]
[pen clatters]
What's top of your
threat matrix?
[Pruitt] Blue have visual on
a way bigger than anticipated
hostile deployment
protecting the compound.
Head count?
Twenty-five to 30.
Estimate another six
close security inbound
on the minister's helicopter.
Three dozen FSB.
What's your analysis. Owen?
Your expert assessment?
We're all ears.
Two minutes.
[line ringing]
- Yeah?
- Where are you?
On my way in.
We have a situation.
Move the kill zone 300
meters up the road.
Blue team snatches our boy
and the bogeys'll
run the other way.
Their job is to
protect the ball.
They hear contact. they'll
run him to the chopper.
Meanwhile. our HRT
secures the package.
This whole thing'll look
like a failed kidnap
by Ukrainian insurgents
on a high-value...
- [crash]
- [grunts]
Martian.
[radio static]
Martian. are you
there? Martian!
[woman] Oh! Oh.
my... Oh. my God!
[indistinct chatter]
- [man] Is he breathing?
- [woman] Don't know.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Hey.
Why aren't you in CR2?
[indistinct conversation]
What should we do?
I'll. uh...
I'll go ch-check all the ERs.
You get back in there. Owen. Go!
[indistinct. echoing chatter]
[quiet radio chatter]
[Pruitt] All good?
- All good.
- [Pruitt] Good.
We have column
inbound. 15 klicks.
Confirmed Valhalla.
One Tigr. two ABCs.
a truck and outriders.
♪ Percussive music ♪
Get Blue leader on the horn.
Move our kill zone 300
meters away from the clinic
to the road in.
♪
[grunts]
[Blue leader]
We're on the move.
[lock beeps]
You can't be in here.
This is an Operations
Group command mission.
Your command. I'm eyes and ears.
I won't get in your way.
- [Pruitt] No.
- Call the DCIA.
Let him tell you himself.
You got his number?
We're in.
We have one Mi-8 inbound
bearing 315 at 275 KMH.
That's not him.
Moving too fast.
That's a gunship.
FSB converted a few
Hips into flying limos
for Kremlin top brass.
Long-range fuel tanks.
missile sensors.
jam-proof ECM kit.
Fucker flies faster
than Marine One.
Those are hard
facts. so why would
any of you Agency
hoods know that?
If Coyote gets on that.
he's in Moscow in
less than two hours.
♪ Tense music ♪
♪
[helicopter approaching]
[indistinct chatter]
♪
Shoulder dislocation.
broken arm. two ribs.
He's in surgery now.
CT scans showed a defined
intracranial bleed
from the impact. surgeons
are working on it now.
A brain hemorrhage?
More bleed between his
skull and his brain.
If the surgeons access
the clot and remove it.
there's every chance he'll
make a full recovery.
That's all the information
I can give you right now.
Thank you. Okay.
[baby crying]
[monitor beeping steadily]
[man] Okay. that's
it. clear the room.
This way. through here.
♪ Eerie music ♪
♪
[gurney clatters]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hi.
So. the good news is you
don't have a brain bleed.
Just a few cuts and bruises.
Broken wing.
But otherwise. all
fine and dandy.
You almost killed me.
I never "almost" do anything.
Why?
Time.
I hate rushing.
Rush. you make mistakes.
Or take you.
[chair wheels rattling]
You've been in an awful rush.
Look where it's
got you. [chuckles]
Time for what?
Everything.
The whole story. from the top.
Don't leave anything out.
And. uh. please. please
don't embellish.
fabricate or invent.
If this...
or this smell anything.
and I mean anything...
I never made it out of surgery.
[scoffs lightly]
But we're not gonna
worry about that.
After all. you
and I are friends.
I want you to leave here
and live a long. happy life.
See Samia.
And your lovely daughter Poppy.
So. shall we begin?
[indistinct radio chatter]
♪ pulsing music ♪
♪
Valhalla convoy five klicks out.
Blue leader. sitrep.
[Blue leader]
Blue in position.
On stand to.
♪
[lock beeps]
[scoffs] You won't
even know I'm here.
I'll be way back
in the bleachers.
You can grab yourself
a footlong and a beer.
Comms check. forward
team. Ping 'em all.
- How far off now?
- 5.000 meters out.
♪ Uneasy music ♪
♪
[speaking Russian]
Slava Ukraini.
- [screaming]
- [men shouting]
[shouting in Ukrainian]
- [grunts]
- [people screaming]
[panicked shouting over comms]
Um. what's going on?
I have people spilling
out of the building.
Running in every direction.
It sounds like gunfire.
[Pruitt] Who's down?
Blue leader. report.
[Blue leader] I
have visual target.
They've stopped.
100 meters away.
Engines still running.
Is the convoy in the kill zone?
[Pruitt] Blue leader.
Are they in the kill zone?
Negative.
- Do we engage?
- Hundred meters.
Negative. Blue
leader. Stand by.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[engines idling]
- [thumping]
- [Coyote] Help! I got to piss!
[thumping]
I got to piss. man. Open up.
[spits]
[grunting]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
Wait.
What is it?
The guy they're
letting out of the APC.
That's him. That's Coyote.
[Pruitt] Are you certain?
You notice the weapon
the guy has at his back?
That's him. I guarantee it.
[Bosko] Hundred meters.
Could he get him that far out?
[speaking Russian]
What do you think?
[Charlie] Think
he might make it.
So?
I think fuck it.
For Sasha.
For us all.
[Russian chatter continuing]
[shouting in Russian]
[soldiers shouting]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Pruitt] What just happened?
It would appear we've been
overtaken by events. sir.
Column on the move.
Approaching kill zone.
[Blue leader] I've got a clear
sight on APC driver. Over.
Targets in range in five.
Four.
Three.
[Blue leader]
Target's in site.
Are we a go?
It was Coyote?
You're sure?
Hundred percent.
Blue units.
Go. Go. Go.
[grunting]
- Fragging!
- Frag out!
Frag out! Fragging!
[Blue leader] Get back!
[device beeps]
That's him.
We got him.
We got Coyote.
[Blue leader] All units.
confirming package is secure.
You are clean and clear.
Move to extraction point.
- Birds inbound.
- Copy that.
Lace it up.
Confirmed. All targets down.
Checking kill zone.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. hey. hey. Movement!
Friendlies! Friendlies!
[Blue leader] Hold your fire.
All Blue hold fire.
Challenge response.
[Charlie] Response Felix.
[Blue leader] Form up.
Felix. We're Oscar Mike.
[Charlie] It's good
to see you boys.
♪ Hopeful music ♪
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Reza] Danny. Oh. Allah.
I'm so sorry.
I did everything I
could to get you out.
This is such a mistake.
Could be worse.
I'm not sure how.
Let's get you out of here.
[car horn honks in distance]
Are you okay?
I'm in Tehran.
Yes. you are.
Oh...
- [Emily] Hey. baby.
- Hey. I don't have long.
but I wanted you to
know as soon as I did.
- Charlie's on his way home.
- Oh!
- He's safe.
- Oh. that's good news.
- I know. I know.
- I'm so glad he's safe.
Me too.
I'm relieved.
- I love you.
- Love you too.
- I got to go.
- Bye. baby.
Excuse me. I'm here
to see Brandon Colby.
[nurse] I'll be back in a few
hours to check your sats again.
Please press the buzzer
if anything changes
or you're suffering
any more pain.
You must feel like shit.
- But I look great. right?
- [laughs]
Owen sent a message.
We got Coyote.
Shit.
- Is he safe?
- Thanks to you.
- [sighs]
- You okay. Dad?
Did it hurt?
Don't worry about
me. I'm good.
I'm not getting on another
motorcycle any time soon.
but other than that...
It's going to be okay.
Everything's gonna be fine.
♪ Tense music ♪
♪
[Martian] Do we
have a deal or not?
You tell me. Do we?
Can you get Samia out?
Here's the plan.
Go home. take two Advil.
Then. when you feel fit
enough in a day or two.
report for work
and a hero's welcome.
[cheering]
- We did it.
- You all right?
- I'm good. Thank you.
They got him.
Coyote's coming home.
Then just carry on as usual.
You continue to inspire
respect and admiration
from your superiors.
Sir.
- Well played. Martian.
- Thank you. sir.
Yeah. Well played.
Move up the ranks.
become very important.
Doctor.
And we'll meet
from time to time.
A cup of tea. Pint or two.
It'll be business as usual.
All the fun of
being in the field.
but with the comforts of home.
All you have to do
is keep a secret.
♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-